Meeting 13/04/22
Agenda
Start project idea formatting
Polish website and report?
Discuss extension and how we will go about utilising it completely
Update on IT Tech write-ups
Is Industry data complete
IT Interview complete - other half needs to be written

Actions
The project idea was split between Charlie, Jake, Helia, and Michelle
Blayne to go more in-depth on bikes, GPS / gyroscope (type out description rather than dot points)
Finish IT tech write-ups
Burak needs to finish burning glass, IT general skills, rewrite
Helia to rewrite IT skills
Blayne to add project idea references
Project Idea draft to be done by 18/04/22

Blayne had class so couldnâ€™t attend, joined an hour late
Burak still sick with Covid
 
Recording link
https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/sites/A2Group1130/Shared%20Documents/Meetings/Recordings/Popular%20vote%20meeting%20time-20220413_202201-Meeting%20Recording.mp4?web=1
